hi everyone I'm John Stehr son and today
I'm at Marina Bay in Singapore taking a
look at the cause I 16 to 80 mill at 3.5
to 4.5 lengths for this journey after
system this high-quality zoom lens
covers a wide angle to mid telephoto
making it useful for a wide range of
applications in this review I'll be
taking a look at how well the signs
performs and whether it's a decent
upgrade from the standard kit lens the
first thing I should mention is that it
has a DT designation on the lens which
stands for digital technology and to
this day is the only Zeiss lens with
this label this basically means the lens
was made only for aps-c or crop sensor
cameras the build quality of this lens
is decent using high quality plastics
with rubber zoom and focus rings this
lens differs from other zeiss lenses
where they have some metal construction
it has a matte black finish with a petal
type lens sort to match and the zeiss
logo on the lens itself to let people
know that it's a high quality lens
handling this lens feels better if you
have grain for the standard kill lens
although it is a bit heavy but that's
mainly because of the added optical
elements that this lens features for
better image quality the zoom ring is
easy to turn and whilst the focus ring
is better than the kit lens it's a bit
rough to turn when trying to manually
focus to be honest this lens doesn't
have many features to offer people
upgrade from their kit lens other than a
focus distance window the lens focuses
reason will be fast and while this is a
good thing
it doesn't have SSM for quick and silent
auto focusing as you would expect of a
Zeiss lens
it offers pleasing colors and contrast
that make the zeiss name what it is
today
however no lens is perfect and while it
is an upgrade from the kit lens it still
shows a fair bit of barrel distortion at
the wide end other than that chromatic
aberration is well controlled and the
amount of detail this lens shows is
quite good
overall this is a decent upgrade from
the standard kit lens offering more
contrast sharper details and better
control in terms of barrel distortion
and chromatic aberration build quality
is good but not great compared to other
Zeiss lenses by my personal opinion I
don't mind this as it keeps the weight
down
I also wish that this lens offered more
in terms of features such as SSM or
manual focus which as it is a premium
lens
I recommend this lens for people that
want deciced image quality with a decent
zoom range but if you're looking for
more in terms of features then I suggest
taking a look at other lenses such as
the Sony 16 250ml F 2.8 lens if you have
any questions about this lens please
feel free to leave a comment below and
if you already own one let me know what
you think of it and subscribe to my
channel for more sony alpha product
reviews and tutorials you can also
follow me on Facebook Twitter & on my
blog by clicking the links below happy
shooting and thanks for watching